[Music]
jared polin froknowsphoto.com and nikon
has just announced the brand new nikon
sb-910 and the sb-910 is replacing the
sb900 which we can say had some issues
that's probably why they came out with
this 9/10 in a shorter period of time
than you're normally used to seeing for
speedlights to be replaced some of the
issues that the sb900 had where they
were overheating
they were overheating and then shutting
off they would let you shoot until the
thing almost caught on fire and then
stop so they had issues with overheating
and I know that Ricci Myers my buddy
he had a tube blow on him out of his he
still uses them but you know the changes
that I've made from what I've read is
that there's a thermal I wrote this
stuff down I wrote down a few minor
points because there's not too much to
talk about there's not too much changed
it's updated which is cool it's always
cool to get an updated flash
this is actually an SB 800 I never
updated to the 900 not sure that I'll
update to the 910 but maybe I'll pick
one up at Allen's I am not sure yet so
basically what it says is they made
efficient more efficient use of battery
meaning it's more efficiently going to
use your battery power when you're
shooting with the flash which means
hopefully it lasts longer and then more
importantly it says that enhanced
thermal cut out and what the enhanced
thermal cut out means is that your flash
engine isn't going to overheat as much
because it's not gonna let you rapidly
fire and shoot too quick to the point
where your flash is going to get to that
point where it's too hot and could
possibly melt down now there's a lot to
be said about that one people are
shooting way too quick at too much power
you know they're dumping too much power
and trying to shoot way too quick where
as now the sb-910 is going to not allow
you to shoot too quick you're going to
shoot it's going to have to power up
it's gonna have to get it's cooling to
cooling time down it's not going to
allow you to keep shooting to the point
where that it's going to melt and
overheat and all
that because that isn't good so they
made some minor changes to the GUI the
GUI the graphical user interface it's
easier to use still have the same
buttons on the outside for getting in
from commander mode to to radio mode to
slave mode and all those that's a great
function they added hard gels this time
they're not soft gels they say that it's
going to withstand the heat a little
better so they're not going to melt on
the front of your on the front of your
flash so those are the main tips the
main points that I read when when you're
looking into getting a flash if you can
pick up an SB 900 used by all means it's
probably a really good deal if you can
get it for a good price if you can still
get SB 804 a good deal at a good price
it's probably worth doing but the 910
I'm sure it's gonna be something good
again it's corrected some of the issues
that they had that I don't know if they
ever acknowledged in the sb900 but I
guess acknowledging it is coming out
with an SB 9 10 which made the
Corrections nothing wrong with making
the Corrections I just hope they
admitted to the you know overheating
failures in the others but hey they came
out with a new flash so all of you 9
countries don't go run out and get it
right now if you already have some 900s
unless you need extra flashes because
the 900 is gonna be still really good if
you've got a bunch of them and they
still work so that's really it sb-910
just announced that's the preview I will
have an unboxing sniff test and
hopefully a review as soon as one comes
into Allen's camera that is about it
jared polin froknowsphoto.com
see ya